What's new in Firenado 0.1.8
=============================

Mar 04, 2020
------------

We are pleased to announce the release of Firenado 0.1.8.

We still support python 2.7 in the main development contrary to the announce
from 0.1.7.8 but we started to relax tests against 2.7 and prepare the code
base for a python 3.x only.

Firenado gave birth to Cartola and we added this project to the basic
dependency.

This version fixes definitely the process launcher shutdown making easier to
spam and teardown Firenado application in a test and that's the reason we still
keep with python 2.7.

A new json session encoder were added to the available list of session encoders
making it easier to share session data between applications that don't have
pikle encoding/serialization.

Here are the highlights:

New Features
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Add json session encoder to the project. `#295 <https://github.com/candango/firenado/issues/295>`_
* Clean sys.path and set PYTHONPATH before launch a process. . `#299 <https://github.com/candango/firenado/issues/299>`_

Bug Fixes
~~~~~~~~~
* Process launcher shutdown doesn't work. `#290 <https://github.com/candango/firenado/issues/290>`_

Refactory
~~~~~~~~~
* Use pymobiledetect instead of util.browser. `#292 <https://github.com/candango/firenado/issues/292>`_
* Use cartola instead of util.sysexits. `#293 <https://github.com/candango/firenado/issues/293>`_
* Use cartola instead of util.file. `#294 <https://github.com/candango/firenado/issues/294>`_
* Use cartola instead of local security package. `#296 <https://github.com/candango/firenado/issues/296>`_
